
1) Jenkins is building on dev branch and someone else is pushing the code, but the build is in progress.  If someone pushes the code, it triggers another build, so what will u do to stop the parallel build?
2) How do you disable it in groovy script?
Declarative Script
        pipeline {
            options {
                disableConcurrentBuilds()
            }
        }
    Scripted 
        node {
          properties([disableConcurrentBuilds()])
        }
3) How frequently u release a new feature ? 
Based on the application/project
		There are major release and minor release 
			Major updates may be quarterly (or) yearly depending on the application and project that we are associated with
		           For test environment we release it frequently and it is deployed immediate, since we have a pipeline created
4) process of creating multibranch pipeline in jenkins --
		Option present in Build trigger 
			Build after other projects are built
			
5) how do you use function in groovy script
def call(String username = 'null', String designation = 'a') { 

6) how will set the quality gates in sonar qube and how will you check quality of source code
      google
7) How you will do insights and analysis of your CICD?

8) I have a jenkins pipeline where sonarqube is integrated with quality gates. But if the code doesnt passes through quality gates how will you fail the build and stop it     from creating artifacts.?
9) explain your Jenkins setup like how many slaves you are maintaining -- Real Life scenario example explanation
10) Real life scenarios on Canary deployment?
11) What is the default deployment strategy
12) Is it possible that one stage fails and continue the execution to next stage ?
13) jenkins build failures
14) how to deploy an application from jenkins to k8s  -- Kubernetes topic 
15) CICD jenkins have you build any pipeline , in process approval in jenkins. detect that failure in deployment time and commands to use to reverse the build.
16) Jenkins is on premise ?
17) I want to select particular version for build, how can i do that during CI CD ? -- confirm below answer 
		
		==> Jenkins project # tag build version, we chose the build version from there 
								(or)
		==> Jenkins file, pipeline script, node information 
 
18) which tests you perform in ci cd ? (or)  what are the diffrent type of test u do in cicd? -- confirm below answer 
		Integration test, sanity test, UAT etc… 

19) how you have deployed to production explain the procedure

20)  How you automate complete cicd ?  -- Maybe after Kubernetes, please confirm 
